The story of Wendigo is mainly a personification of the drive of human hunger and the cannibalistic pursuit of food. It is mainly described as a spirit that possesses human beings through dreams when they sleep. The Wendigo story originated from the Cree people of the Algonquin race. The first known written mention of the Wendigo appears in a 1636 report by Paul Le Jeune, a French Jesuit missionary living among the Algonquin people. Le Jeune described a woman who warned of a Wendigo that had eaten some tribal members nearby and that “would eat a great many more of them if he were not called elsewhere.” The most famous cases of the Wendigo seem to feature the inclusion and mention of a giant creature with physical features such as a cold, sometimes frozen heart, missing lips and toes and the body looks skeletal and bloody with a powerful rage. The Wendigo story symbolizes the acceptance of one’s temptation to eat as they transform into an unnatural being and devour anything that’s edible in front of them. The story of Bloody Mary is a metaphorical story because the queen resembles an evil spirit filled with wrath, envy and deep hatred. She was thrown out of the king's heritage, replaced by her little sister Elizabeth. Her mom was exiled from the palace. She went from being a princess to an ordinary person. That hate grew and grew over time. She eventually became the queen of England. She became famous, not for the right reasons, giving her the nickname Bloody Mary. While Wendigo and Bloody Mary were about people who were villain’s, The story of green children of woolpit is different, it is mainly symbolism. It was 12th century England in the village of Suffolk, two kids came to the village. People were shocked as they realized that both kids were green. That is when Sir Richard DeCaine stepped up to raise both of the children. They first were brought to Sir Richard DeCaine house, they first refused to eat normal food. After a relentless 3 days of refusing food, they noticed that Sir Richard De Caine's garden had beans. They ate it as if they were like wild animals. That is when one of the kids died from some unknown disease, but one of the kids survived and eventually went on to eat normal food, and be able to speak English. She went on to say that they were on a far away land of St. Martin. They were oblivious to how they got here. The symbolism was when they eventually ate the beans showing hope that they could still hold on, it was eventually short lived as they started to adapt to human food. And leaving behind their culture.

